
The cloning of humans has been a curious issue for the 
scientists since advances on medicine,physics,chemistry... 
could be real.When the human being separated from the 
excesive dependence of religion after Medieval Age,it seems 
that the sensation of liberty and freedom applied on 
actions or thoughts has made possible an enormous growth 
about some aspects like technology,biology...and those 
pointed before.The world we see today is the logical result 
of all these advances;we have advanced and the world,
reality,life...has advanced with us.But all this effort 
worked and reached during all this time,during these 
centuries,is creating different problems in these modern  
times.Experiments like "Dolly",the first cloned sheep,or 
the posibility to produce embryos in series and keep them 
in laboratories has produced an ethic division bettween 
those who are agreed or other people who are against these 
experiments.I'm going to explain the different viewpoints 
in defense or against the cloning of humans.

What are the possibly positive uses with cloning?There 
would be multiple posibilities like reproduce a part of a 
body when someone has lost it(an arm,one finger,or an 
internal organ)instead of artificial body parts,the deep 
study of DNA that would help to reach many different 
diseases treatments or investigations about cells...there 
would be wonderful solutions for many,many people to need 
cures for strange or irreversible diseases.

However,all these positive efforts shock with etical 
opinion of religion'representatives:they say that the 
fabrication of embryos in series could damaged the 
conception of human,because an embryo creates in that 
artificial way wouldn't be a complete person,just only like 
a "thing" produced in serie in a laboratory.They argue the 
defense of the natural conception between a woman and a man 
that can bring ato this world an unique person with his or 
her own characteristics and,the most important,his or her 
own soul.The soul,they say,is a gift given by God and it 
can not be reproduce in a laboratory;what would be about a 
child who was born from a crystal tube without all a 
mother's gestation can give?They are agreed with these 
advances and the positive advantages to help humans but not 
with the experiments with them.

In favour or against cloning,science won't stop,I think,
although always there will be people with negative 
opinions,maybe to check indiscriminate or harmful 
experiments,but cloning is a reality.




